[hotfix][docs]fix flink sql Cascading Window TVF Aggregation exception (#18414)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/dev/table/sql/queries/window-agg.md

```sql
-- tumbling 5 minutes for each supplier_id
CREATE VIEW window1 AS

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Author: When i use sql as below:
```
-- tumbling 5 minutes for each supplier_id
CREATE VIEW window1 AS
SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price
  FROM TABLE(
    TUMBLE(TABLE Bid, DESCRIPTOR(bidtime), INTERVAL '5' MINUTES))
  GROUP BY supplier_id, window_start, window_end, window_time;

-- tumbling 10 minutes on the first window
SELECT window_start, window_end, SUM(partial_price) as total_price
  FROM TABLE(
      TUMBLE(TABLE window1, DESCRIPTOR(rowtime), INTERVAL '10' MINUTES))
  GROUP BY window_start, window_end;
```
 The following exception occurs:
 ```
Caused by: org.apache.calcite.sql.validate.SqlValidatorException: Column 'window_start' is ambiguous
    at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
    at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:62)
    at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
    at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:423)
    at org.apache.calcite.runtime.Resources$ExInstWithCause.ex(Resources.java:467)
    at org.apache.calcite.runtime.Resources$ExInst.ex(Resources.java:560)
    ... 41 more
```
I think the following piece of sql cannot identify whether window_start is from window1 or from built-in.
But the following sql is for Group Window Aggregation, the required window_start and window_end are not from window1, So I renamed window_start and window_end in the above sql.

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Reviewer: I'm not sure if that a proper fix is changing the documentation. I would expect that we should address the issue to avoid getting the exception.

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Author: ok i see. this is the result of other communication with me
https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-25700?filter=-2

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Reviewer: I see. If that's the case, then I guess we should indeed update this documentation :) I would then only slightly modify the alias to make it more clearer, something like: 

```suggestion
SELECT window_start as window_5mintumble_start, window_end as window_5mintumble_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price
```
or

```suggestion
SELECT window_start as window_5mintumblepersupplier_start, window_end as window_5mintumblepersupplier_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price
```

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Author: Thanks for your suggestion, I have revised

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Reviewer: Looks good to me, what do you think @beyond1920 ?

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Reviewer 2: @simenliuxing Thanks for explain. 
I mean to add some comments in documents to explain that we need alias here to avoid name conflict.

> SELECT window_start as window1_start, window_end as window1_end, window_time as rowtime, SUM(price) as partial_price

Author: @beyond1920 
Sorry for misunderstanding, I have added the comment

```sql
-- tumbling 5 minutes for each supplier_id
CREATE VIEW window1 AS

> -- under the Cascading Window Aggregation to avoid field ambiguity window_start and window_end need to be renamed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- Note: The window start and window end fields of inner Window TVF are optional in the select clause. However, if they appear in the clause, they need to be aliased to prevent name conflicting with the window start and window end of the outer Window TVF.
```
WDTY?

Author: Looks good to me, I have revised
